Body_Content	Feedback
Hello again, A couple more questions have come up as I'm getting started. There are queries to provide part labels. Since there is no TOC in the front matter, I don't know what the part labels should be. I'm guessing they should be numbered, but do you have a list of parts and their titles? In Chapter 2, on p. 12, there is a query regarding the reference Halgin & Borgatti (2011). Is the query saying that someone changed the wording from "Borgatti & Halgin, 2011" to "Halgin & Borgatti, 2011"? There is no source for Halgin & Borgatti (2011) in the reference list, but there IS one for Borgatti & Halgin (2011). Is this a change the author made? I think that's it so far! Hopefully I can send you a sample tomorrow. Thank you, Susan On Tue, Oct 1, 2024 at 10:50 AM Susan Brown < susanbrown0214@gmail.com > wrote: Great, thank you for confirming. I do have one more question. Can you please clarify whether headings should be sentence case or title case? I don't completely understand how to use the new design template: It shows some headings that are in title case and others that are in sentence case. For example, the foreword on p. 17 uses sentence case, but the lists of figures and plates on p. 24 use title case. On p. 33 and 38, numbered headings are title case, but then on p. 51 there is a numbered head that is sentence case. On pp. 35 and 37, unnumbered headings are sentence case, but then on p. 41, there is an unnumbered heading that is title case. Page 56 shows two similar examples:  one is title case and the other is sentence case; on p. 57, the two examples are both sentence case. Please let me know how I should style the headings for this job. Thank you! Susan On Tue, Oct 1, 2024 at 10:15 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Susan, Thank you for the email. Yes, Your understanding is correct. Both the text and reference list adhere to the APA style, while the in-text citation follows the Harvard style, utilizing the author-date system, which is appropriately applied in the manuscript and I have updated the same in the CE brief. Could you please confirm if this clarifies your doubt else let me know if you need any further clarification. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com Upcoming Holiday – 2 nd Oct’2024	positive
Microsoft Teams Padmapriya Arumugam (Integra) is trying to reach you in Microsoft Teams Click the button to open Teams, see your activity, and explore the app. Open Microsoft Teams Bring your team together Create an open, collaborative workspace for your team. Use channels to organize conversations by topic, area, or anything else. Chat 1:1 and with groups Outside of open team conversations, chat privately and share files and notes with anyone in your organization. Make video calls and schedule online meetings Have impromptu or scheduled meetings in any channel. Or just call someone… Team files, notes, and apps in one place Your team's tools are organized and integrated in Microsoft Teams with the power of Office 365. Open Microsoft Teams Get it now! Take it with you wherever you go. Windows iOS Mac Android Go to downloads page © 2023 Microsoft Corporation One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-7329 Privacy policy	neutral
Hi Hemma Sorry for the delay - all done on below. best wyn Professor Wyn Q. Bowen Head, School of Security Studies, Faculty of Social Sciences and Public Policy, King's College London Co-Director, Freeman Air and Space Institute, https://www.kcl.ac.uk/research/freeman-air-and-space-institute King's Lead for Security & Defence PLuS, https://securityanddefenceplus.plusalliance.org/ William Penney Fellow, AWE, https://www.awe.co.uk/about-us/our-partners/ Email: wyn.bowen@kcl.ac.uk @WQBowen	positive
Dear Hema, There are just a few edits to the copy I sent you: In the Cahn blurb, the first quotation mark should not be in italics: “ We the Men . . . . In the Kennedy blurb, the quote inside the blurb needs to be in single quotes: ‘ In a nation whose Constitution purports to speak for ‘We the People,’ too many of the stories that powerful Americans tell about law and society include only We the Men. ’ In the Mayeri blurb, the school name is: University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School In the NeJaime blurb, there should be an m-dash before his name, rather than two small dashes: — Douglas. The last sentence of the back flap text would flow more smoothly with a few edits: Her prior book , Intimate Lies and the Law (Oxford University Press 2019), won the Scribes Book Award for “the best work of legal scholarship published during the previous year” and the Foreword INDIES Book of the Year Award for Family and Relationships. Thanks! Phoebe	positive
Hi Hema, Great to work with you. The author has supplied a better quality version of Fig 10.2 and slightly updated the caption, please find new figure file and captions document attached. Best, Jade	positive
Updated cover art Get Outlook for iOS	positive
Sounds good. Thank you! Get Outlook for iOS	positive
Thanks Hema, I’ve passed this on – they are reallocating the work on the covers now so this may take a little while to update, but will let you know. All best, Mhairi	positive
Hi Hema, Please Find the response for the below: There are queries to provide part labels. Since there is no TOC in the front matter, I don't know what the part labels should be. I'm guessing they should be numbered, but do you have a list of parts and their titles? · In this we have part title, But part number we have not received, So team has insert the query part label in each chapter title page and CE Please take intext cross reference part citation is needed. In Chapter 2, on p. 12, there is a query regarding the reference Halgin & Borgatti (2011). Is the query saying that someone changed the wording from "Borgatti & Halgin, 2011" to "Halgin & Borgatti, 2011"? There is no source for Halgin & Borgatti (2011) in the reference list, but there IS one for Borgatti & Halgin (2011). Is this a change the author made? · The author name has mismatched, So team has raised the query team has not change any text, CE Please ensure with references and text, set the citation in clear. Note: For cross check for the part. I have attached the TOC above. TOC is Auto generation in proof.	neutral
Hi Hema, I think your general indexing protocol will work well for the book. Thanks so much, Neil Neil Boyd, Ph.D David J. & Deborah West Professor of Management Chair, Management & Organizations Department On Thu, Oct 3, 2024 at 6:57 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Boyd, Work on the index for your book is scheduled to begin in the last week of October . Ahead of that, I’d like to discuss some specifics with you to ensure we understand the needs of your title. The aim is to produce an index appropriate for your book and market, meeting your expectations and those of your readers. Index Typically, we compile a general subject index for most of our books. A general index includes names, places, and concepts that are the subject of substantial discussion in the main text of the book, including figures, tables, and headings. Coverage does not extend to passing references (such as names mentioned only in citations) or to the front- and end matter (such as the appendices) unless there is new material not already covered in the main text. However, if you believe that your book’s needs differ from the common index styles noted, or if there are specific suggestions you’d like to make for the index, like below please let me know by 09 October 2024 . Important terms that you would expect to be indexed more thoroughly than others If not, I will proceed with the general index styles as outlined above. Please also find attached our author guide on Indexing outlining specifics of the process and actions needed from you and a guide showing you in detail what an OUP index will look like. Yours sincerely, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com “In accordance with the requirement of any applicable Data Protection Laws, “By including any personal data in your response to this email, you are freely consenting to this being used and stored by the company for the purpose of service delivery. This email and any accompanying attachments is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, distribution, or copying is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this communication or received the email by mistake, please notify the sender and destroy all copies. Integra Software Services Pvt Ltd. reserves the right, subject to applicable local law, to monitor and review the content of any electronic message or information sent to or from its company allotted employee email address/ID without informing the sender or recipient of the message.”	positive
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  file  has  been  uploaded  to  the  Freelancer  Directory. Author  name:  Shannon  L.  Mariotti Book  title:  Contemplative  Democracy ISBN:  9780197795583 Process:  Indexing Uploaded  by:  Maria  Hypponen File  name:  Mariotti_ContemplativeDemocracy_INDEX.zip The  file  can  be  downloaded  from  the  Freelancer  Directory  using  your  log-in  credentials. Please  send  an  e-mail  to  copyeditingoffice@oup.com  if  you  have  any  issues.	neutral
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  job  has  been  closed  by  the  Freelancer. Author  name:  Shannon  L.  Mariotti Book  title  :  Contemplative  Democracy ISBN  :  9780197795583 Process  :  Indexing Closed  by  :  Maria  Hypponen Please  send  an  e-mail  to  copyeditingoffice@oup.com  if  you  have  any  issues.	neutral
Hello Hema: I have completed the index and uploaded it to the OUP Freelancer Directory. I'm attaching it here as well. If there's anything you or the author would like me to address, please let me know. This was an interesting and challenging book to index -- I hope I did it justice! Best, Maria Hypponen, MA  (she/her) 905.320.2823  |  mhypponen@yahoo.ca On Tuesday, October 1, 2024 at 03:06:06 a.m. EDT, Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) <hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in> wrote: Dear Maria, Thank you for checking this with me. As per our usual process, we follow the indented format only. Hence, I request you to follow the same. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com Upcoming Holiday – 2 nd Oct’2024	neutral
Thank you, Hema. I hope to work with you again soon as well! Best, Maria Hypponen, MA  (she/her) 905.320.2823  |  mhypponen@yahoo.ca On Thursday, October 3, 2024 at 12:20:45 p.m. EDT, Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) <hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in> wrote: Dear Maria, Thank you for submitting the completed index on time. I will get back to you if any queries arise. It was nice working with you and I hope to work with you on future projects. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Dear Hemalatha, Thank you very much for contacting me to index this Oxford book - yes I am happy to take this Ken Get Outlook for Android	positive
Dear Hemalatha, yes I can take this. Thank you very much Ken Get Outlook for Android	positive
Dear Hemalatha, Thank you very much for contacting me to index this Oxford book - yes I am happy to take this Ken Get Outlook for Android	positive
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  title  has  been  accepted  by  the  Freelancer  and  is  now  WIP. Author  name:  Chaya  Crowder Book  title  :  Intersectional  Solidarity ISBN  :  9780197696545 Process  :  Indexing Accepted  by  :  Jim  Diggins  /  jdiggins@cox.net	positive
Dear Hema I have downloaded the Crowder materials and accepted the job on FD. Thanks and	positive
Hi Hema, Castoff is approved. Handover queries: Please do update the handover form in accordance with OxPub and the HO form. It's not a trade title and there is currently no audiobook. That's fine. The previous title is 9780190854416. Please do! This sounds fine, please defer to the TOC. This sounds like an excellent approach. Do you need the PDF of the book, or just the ISBN? It's 9780197563892. Let me know! Thanks, Lacey	positive
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  file  has  been  uploaded  to  the  Freelancer  Directory. Author  name:  Kristin  L.  Cullen-Lester Book  title:  The  Social  Capital  Imperative ISBN:  9780197755396 Process:  Copyediting Uploaded  by:  Susan  Brown File  name:  Cullen  Lester  sample  chapter  edited  SB.zip The  file  can  be  downloaded  from  the  Freelancer  Directory  using  your  log-in  credentials. Please  send  an  e-mail  to  copyeditingoffice@oup.com  if  you  have  any  issues.	neutral
Hi Hema, Thank you for explaining the heading style and for sending the TOC. Should "Opening" be Part 1 and "Network Foundations" be Part 2, etc.? Or are the "Opening" and "Closing" not counted as parts? I just uploaded Chapter 3 as a sample. I hope you enjoyed the holiday yesterday!	positive
Hi Hema, Thanks for your patience! Handover responses are attached. Castoff is approved. All best, Alexcee	positive
Hi Hemalatha, Please find the reviewed index attached here and proceed for the next process. Notes: 1) We have reviewed the index only based on the random checks. 2) Verify whether the length of the index is acceptable as per OUP guideline. (3-5% of total book page count) after typesetting the index No feedback for freelancer.	neutral
Thanks, Hema! The castoff is approved. Could you let me know when you’ll be sending the schedule and information on production to the authors? They had asked this week. Thanks again.	positive
Hi Hemalatha, Please find updated chapters and the reports in the path: \\integrafs1\es\1-BOOKS\1-COPYEDITING\2-Clients\OUP Books\Titles\2024\Hasday\4 Full book review Note: Chapters 5 and 6 belong to Part III, and Chapter 7 follows Part IV. Hence, the file naming needs to be interchanged (i.e. 12-Hasday-Ch06 and 13-Hasday-Part IV).  I have not changed it now. Hence this needs to be care of at a later stage.	neutral
Hi Hema, Date PME Book Code Template Contributor Workflow Remarks Word/TeX iAuthor Combined entity Confirmed by Index Remarks Checked By Sample Entity Checked 04-Oct Hemalatha Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS Trade History Royal 370wpp Mono Legacy 31 Figures and 5 Tables Word NO YTC Ezhumalai ParaID Deebak	positive
Hi Hema, Date PME Book Code Template Contributor Workflow Remarks Word/TeX iAuthor Combined entity Confirmed by Index Remarks Checked By Sample Entity Checked 04-Oct Hemalatha McIntosh_9780197808023_US_BITS Contemporary 3 Mono Legacy More poem line alignment Word NO YTC Ezhumalai ParaID Deebak	positive
Hi Hema, The customer page extent is 288 Manuscript of 296 pages, we are arrived 328 cast-off pages with the variance of 14 %. Could you please confirm can we post this cast-off with this variance. Just for reference the completed Cast off report available in the below path File Location : \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\McIntosh_9780197808023_US_BITS\1-MS-Prep\Forms and Logs\Cast off\Oct-24\04-Oct Notes: Trim Size: 6 1/8 x 9 1/4 Inc Spec: AC Contemporary 3 Complexity details : McIntosh_9780197808023_US_BITS Trim Size 6 1/8 x 9 1/4 Inc (Small \ Medium) Typesetting Complexity Level 1 Colour 1 Colour XML Standard Epub Level 1 Thanks Dharshini Incoming Inspection	positive
Hi Hema, Please find the First-proof PDF placed in below path. \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Ross_9780197698914_US\6-Firstproof\Oct-24\04-Oct Cast off pages: 464 Proof pages: 468	positive
Hi Hema, Thank you for chasing this one down, I appreciate your efforts here. As always, if you have any trouble getting a response (especially where the schedule could be affected), do feel free to copy me in as needed for assistance. All the best, Mike Michael Mundt (he/him) Senior Production Editor | Publishing and Content Operations, Academic Oxford University Press | Great Clarendon Street | Oxford | OX2 6DP michael.mundt@oup.com	positive
Sorry, Hema, I am not able to accept this job, as I am fully booked for October. Thank you for thinking of me. On Thu, Oct 3, 2024 at 8:27 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Elise, Hope this email finds you well. Please allow me to introduce myself as the Project Manager from Integra Software Services, responsible for managing the production process for Systems of Social Action , on behalf of Oxford University Press. I am writing to ask whether you are available to copyedit the following title: Title : Systems of Social Action Subtitle: The Case of Requesting in Italian Author: Giovanni Rossi ISBN: 9780190690731 Estimated Extent: 92661 words Job description: Standard level of copyediting required Schedule Date manuscript to you: 11 October 2024 Sample required by: 17 October 2024 Date completed job due: 31 October 2024 Budget Estimated budget: $1199.82 Please be aware that the budget may change slightly after a full assessment of the manuscript has been completed, and the final budget will be included in the brief. Please advise within 24 hours whether you can take this project on.  In addition, it is vital to the overall schedule that you can adhere to the deadlines above. Any slippage will result in having to make adjustments to the publishing schedule.	neutral
Hema, Thank you.  I understand that when I get the document, any changes should be made with the proofing tool and not on the pdf. Cheers, Amy On Fri, Oct 4, 2024 at 7:09 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Adamczyk, I would like to let you know that the proofs are ready but we are planning to send the proofs for your review via the Online proofing tool and the link will be ready on Monday (07 th October 2024). In the meantime, I will share the PDF version of the proofs with you for preparing the index but I request you to mark the proof corrections only in the Online proof which I am going to share with you on Monday. Could you please confirm if it is fine with you. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Perfect! Thanks, Hema.	positive
Perfect, thanks!	positive
Yes ma'am! Have a great day. On Fri, Oct 4, 2024 at 8:22 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Elise, Thank you for letting me know your availability. I hope to work with you in the future. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, It’s nice to hear from you! Unfortunately, I am not available to do this project at this time. Hope you will find someone soon!	positive
Thanks, you too!! On Fri, Oct 4, 2024 at 11:41 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Elizaveta, Thank you for letting me know your availability. Have a great weekend ahead. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, This looks perfect! I am very happy with the index. The only change that needs to be made is on pg. 1: Sarah Ahmed should be corrected to Sara Ahmed. Please send me the invoice when it's ready and I'll take care of the payment for the indexing fee. Thank you, Shannon ---Dr. Shannon Mariotti Professor of Political Science at Trinity University. Affiliate faculty in Women and Gender Studies and Environmental Studies . For more info. on my scholarship, please visit my academia.edu page . Click here to learn about my new book, Contemplative Democracy: Politics, Practice, and Pedagogy , forthcoming from Oxford University Press. On Fri, Oct 4, 2024 at 8:39 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Mariotti, Please find attached the draft index for your book, Contemplative Democracy , for your review. Your index has been prepared by a freelance indexer, following the OUP house style. There is no need to check every entry but do check that you are happy with the overall structure. Look up some key items the way your intended reader might, checking that substantial discussion has been indexed but passing mentions have not been. The production team will check the order and formatting of the index and table entries, so you do not need to spend time checking these style matters. If you have made any changes that affect index entries while reviewing the main text, please make sure to adjust the index entries and locators in the Word file to reflect these changes, so that the index and main text align. Should you spot any systemic problems in the files I have shared with you, please contact me right away. Please do not try to fix the problem yourself, but instead, pause your review and let me investigate and correct the error. Thank you for taking the time to review the index. I look forward to receiving your comments by 08th October 2024 . If you have any queries, please do not hesitate to contact me. Yours sincerely, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com “In accordance with the requirement of any applicable Data Protection Laws, “By including any personal data in your response to this email, you are freely consenting to this being used and stored by the company for the purpose of service delivery. This email and any accompanying attachments is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, distribution, or copying is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this communication or received the email by mistake, please notify the sender and destroy all copies. Integra Software Services Pvt Ltd. reserves the right, subject to applicable local law, to monitor and review the content of any electronic message or information sent to or from its company allotted employee email address/ID without informing the sender or recipient of the message.”	positive
Thanks Hema, I see the pdf and instructions here so I can get started on the index.  I know the proofing tool link will come on Monday and I can then read everything, making changes with the proofing tool. Enjoy the weekend! Amy On Fri, Oct 4, 2024 at 2:38 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Adamczyk, As we discussed at the beginning of production, you will be responsible for compiling the index for your book. I have attached the digital proof of your book and the indexing guidelines for specific instructions. Let me know if you have any questions as you work. You will have three weeks to create the index. Could you please return the index as Word document on 28 October 2024. Have a nice weekend. Yours sincerely, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, I am attaching the .zip file again. Please let me know if you can access it! You are correct that the only difference between this .zip and the original is that we have included updated versions of Figure 1. Best, Ben Figures & tables_v2.zip On Fri, Oct 4, 2024 at 3:07 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Dr. Vagle, I am afraid that we are unable to download the Figures & Tables_v2 .zip file provided in this email thread. Could you please the share files via any alternate method or confirm if I can use the Figures & Tables that I have received initially except Figure 1. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Looks good! Thanks, Hema.	positive
Hi Hema, My apologies for the delay on the Scout  data pull. I’m confirming with Wyn Bowen if we need to include his middle initial or not. I should be able to complete the data pull by Monday. Thanks, Alexcee	negative
Hi Hema, sure, that works for me, thanks! Great to hear on the progress. Eduardo	positive
Thanks both. Hema, can you please also take out the words “so far” so it is the same as the other version. All best Eduardo On Oct 4, 2024, at 1:44 PM, Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) <hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in> wrote: ﻿ External Email: This email originated outside of Mercy University. Please do not click links or open attachments unless you recognize the sender and know the content is safe. Dear Professor Albrecht and Mhairi, Thank you for the emails. I will ask the cover team to update the text on the back cover copy to read as below. In Political Automation , Eduardo Albrecht explores what input citizens have in how governments use AI in various domains, including policing, national security, and international peacekeeping. Drawing upon interviews with rights activists, Albrecht examines popular attempts to interact with this novel form of algorithmic governance so far. He then proposes the idea of a Third House, a virtual chamber that legislates exclusively on AI in government decision-making and is based on principles of direct democracy. AI powered digital citizens would act as our representatives to this Third House. An in-depth look at how political automation impacts the lives of citizens, this book addresses the challenges at the heart of automation in public policy decision-making and offers a way forward. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Dear Hema, The proofs are looking really good. Thank you for all your hard work on this. I have attached the prelims with some typos noted. I am continuing with the main text, and I hope to have that back to you soon.	positive
Dear Hema Here is a typo in the Crowder text: on page 9, paragraph C1P12, “Tiny Fey” should be “Tina Fey”…please pass on to author. Thanks and	negative
Hi Hema, Please find the marked up cover corrections in below mentioned path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Ross_9780197698914_US\13-Cover\05-10-2024\ Content QA completed. Arulpandian S Cell Lead | OUP BOOKS Integra Software Services Private Limited P : +91-413 4213 124 | M: 8754982055 A : 100 Feet Road (ECR) | Pakkamudianpet | Pondicherry | 605 008 | India E: arulpandian.subramanian@integra-india.com Powering Content Transformation India | USA | UK | Japan | Canada | Germany	neutral
Hi again Mhairi and Hema, Upon further reflection, can we please change the last two sentences in the abstract to this: Digital citizens, AI powered replicas of ourselves, would act as our personal representatives to this Third House. An in-depth look at how political automation impacts the lives of citizens, this book addresses the challenges at the heart of AI in government decision-making and offers a way forward. It's one of the main takeaways of the book and I would like to make sure its as clear as possible to potential readers.  Thanks for your patience on this! Further, can we please go with the same version for both online and back cover. I'd like to go with the shorter one, the one that looks like this: In Political Automation , Eduardo Albrecht explores what input citizens have in how governments use AI in various domains, including policing, national security, and international peacekeeping. Drawing upon interviews with rights activists, Albrecht examines popular attempts to interact with this novel form of algorithmic governance. He then proposes the idea of a Third House, a virtual chamber that legislates exclusively on AI in government decision-making and is based on principles of direct democracy. Digital citizens, AI powered replicas of ourselves, would act as our personal representatives to this Third House. An in-depth look at how political automation impacts the lives of citizens, this book addresses the challenges at the heart of AI in government decision-making and offers a way forward. All best, Eduardo	positive
Dear Hema, I’m sorry for my delay in responding. I was away from my office for a few days. Unfortunately I’m booked through 4 November. Please do keep me in mind for future projects.	negative
Dear Hema I note that the Appendices need to be referenced in the index, but they do not contain paragraph IDs. Please advise me as to how these should be referred to in the index page field…e.g. should I use Appendix A, or pp 130-139, or some other format, or can paragraph IDs be supplied?	neutral
Hema- This sounds like an interesting title, and I'm available. You can assign it to me. If you can, please let me know what the style for the book will be (New Hart's, APA, etc.) so I can look over my checklists and style manuals ahead of the start date. Thanks, Erin Williams-Maxwell Meyer, PhD sent from my phone On Sun, Oct 6, 2024, 12:04 Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Erin, Hope this email finds you well. Please allow me to introduce myself as the Project Manager from Integra Software Services, responsible for managing the production process for Systems of Social Action , on behalf of Oxford University Press. I am writing to ask whether you are available to copyedit the following title: Title : Systems of Social Action Subtitle: The Case of Requesting in Italian Author: Giovanni Rossi ISBN: 9780190690731 Estimated Extent: 92661 words Job description: Standard level of copyediting required Schedule Date manuscript to you: 10 October 2024 Sample required by: 17 October 2024 Date completed job due: 31 October 2024 Budget Estimated budget: $1199.82 Please be aware that the budget may change slightly after a full assessment of the manuscript has been completed, and the final budget will be included in the brief. Please advise within 24 hours whether you can take this project on.  In addition, it is vital to the overall schedule that you adhere to the deadlines above. Any slippage will result in having to make adjustments to the publishing schedule.	positive
Dear Hema, Here are all the art materials that might have been missing. Could you recheck the file names you asked for? The file names here don't all match the names in your message, but I believe these are the right ones. Best, Mark On Fri, Oct 4, 2024 at 9:07 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Mark, Thank you for the additional points. It would be helpful if you could share the edited version of the below documents as it was not available in FD. Edited art contact sheet 03-Hasday-Ch01_Figures 03-Hasday-Ch02_Figures 03-Hasday-Ch06_Figures I am looking forward to hearing from you. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Pls updated  below path: Z:\1-Files_Received\02_US\Tan_et_al_9780197770467_US_BITS\1-Correspondence\Second Pul\	neutral
Update sheet name Core BITS Handover	positive
Dear Hema, Thank you, I have shared this with our support team to arrange. All best, Mhairi	positive
Hi Hema, Yes, go ahead and use the original figures aside from Figure 1. I am attaching Figure 11 with this e-mail. The inclusion of the executive summary and appendix on the title page you have is a typo. We actually do not plan to include these items in the printed manuscript, so you can disregard that. Sorry for the confusion! Let me know if you have any questions. Ben On Mon, Oct 7, 2024 at 8:14 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Dr. Vagle, Thank you for the email. Sorry, I am still not able to access the .zip file but no worries I will use the figures from originally received files except Figure 1. However, I noticed that Figure 11 is missing there. Also, the Executive Summary and the Appendix are listed in the TOC but not received along with the new version of the files. It would be helpful if you could check and share Figure 11, the Executive Summary, and the Appendix. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Looping Hema.	negative
Yes, Tina Fey* Thank you for catching this. Chaya Crowder, PhD She/Her/Hers Assistant Professor Political Science and International Relations https://www.chayacrowderphd.com/	positive
That is fine with me, Hema.  :) Thank you! Susan On Sun, Oct 6, 2024 at 2:09 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Susan, Thank you for your patience. I kindly request you ignore the part label query added in the MS. Please can we follow the unnumbered style for parts as in the MS. I hope it will be fine with you. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
I think it is fine to skip the appendices. Chaya Crowder, PhD She/Her/Hers Assistant Professor Political Science and International Relations https://www.chayacrowderphd.com/	positive
Dear Hema, Thank you for providing the page proofs for Euskadi Ta Askatasuna. I have only one amendment request. On the series page (p.ii), please can the final line ‘Published in partnership with The National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism and the University of Maryland’ be placed at the foot of the page, as it appears in the document submitted?	positive
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  title  has  been  accepted  by  the  Freelancer  and  is  now  WIP. Author  name:  Nell  Bennett Book  title  :  Euskadi  Ta  Askatasuna ISBN  :  9780197764237 Process  :  Indexing Accepted  by  :  Thomas  Kiefer  /  logosindexing@gmail.com	positive
Dear Hema, Thank you for your email and letting me know. I just went ahead and accepted the project in the FD and will be able to get started right away. Thank you again for the opportunity to index this project. I hope you have a pleasant week ahead. Sincerely, Tom Thomas Kiefer, PhD. Logos Indexing Kiefer Editorial Services 8676 Sugar Tree Drive Novelty, OH 44072 www.logosindexing.com On Mon, Oct 7, 2024 at 5:54 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Thomas, I have uploaded the materials required for indexing the book Euskadi Ta Askatasuna to the Freelancer Directory. The package contains an Indexing brief and the proof PDF. Please refer to the indexing brief for details about the specific instructions, budget, and schedule. Do let me know in case you require any clarification. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, That sounds good! We will keep you posted on what Dave has to say regarding including the appendix. Ben On Mon, Oct 7, 2024 at 1:17 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Dr. Vagle, Thank you for the figure 11 and confirming to ignore the executive summary and appendix. I will get back to you in case of any further questions. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Microsoft Teams Rajaramlakshman Soundararajan, Integra-PDY, IN is trying to reach you in Microsoft Teams Click the button to open Teams, see your activity, and explore the app. Open Microsoft Teams Bring your team together Create an open, collaborative workspace for your team. Use channels to organize conversations by topic, area, or anything else. Chat 1:1 and with groups Outside of open team conversations, chat privately and share files and notes with anyone in your organization. Make video calls and schedule online meetings Have impromptu or scheduled meetings in any channel. Or just call someone… Team files, notes, and apps in one place Your team's tools are organized and integrated in Microsoft Teams with the power of Office 365. Open Microsoft Teams Get it now! Take it with you wherever you go. Windows iOS Mac Android Go to downloads page © 2023 Microsoft Corporation One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-7329 Privacy policy	neutral
Hi Hema, Thank you for the update. -Sarah	positive
Hello Hema, I hope all is well. Please send the updated cover when you have a chance, as I would like to begin sharing on my socials. Best, Chaya Chaya Crowder Assistant Professor Political Science and International Relations https://www.chayacrowder.com University Hall 4132 1 LMU Drive Los Angeles, CA 90045-2659 lmu.edu | Privacy + Legal Office 310.338.1748 Email chaya.crowder@lmu.edu	positive
I'm sorry, Hema. Here's the revised Style Sheet with complete running heads. Mark On Mon, Oct 7, 2024 at 12:36 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Mark, Thank you for providing the missing art materials. I have noticed that the running heads are not updated properly in the attached stylesheet. Could you please check and provide the updated one. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	neutral
Hi Hema, I got the files and am able to open them. I will get moving on the index and review. Thank you, Amy On Mon, Oct 7, 2024 at 2:13 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Adamczyk, The proofs for your book, Fetal Positions , are now ready for your review and can be accessed using the following link: Download link Please review the proofs with great care, marking any corrections directly into the editing window. Instructions to assist you with using the online proofing tool are available via “Help” in the navigation bar. The proofs you review at this stage are the first and only proofs of your book you will receive during production. Please note that this is the final opportunity to make corrections to the content of your book, so do check the proofs carefully. However, corrections you make need to be kept to a minimum—please mark essential corrections only. If you must make a deletion or an addition, try wherever possible to substitute characters rather than simply adding or deleting text. This practice will help to avoid text reflowing and the proofs requiring typesetting rework which would delay the publication date of your book. Please check with me as you go along if you are in any doubt about this. Should you spot any systemic problems in the proofs I have shared with you, please contact me right away. Please do not try to fix the problem yourself, but instead, pause your review and let me investigate and correct the error. Please return your corrected proof by 28 October 2024 . Please confirm receipt of the files, and do not hesitate to contact me if you have any queries. Yours sincerely, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com “In accordance with the requirement of any applicable Data Protection Laws, “By including any personal data in your response to this email, you are freely consenting to this being used and stored by the company for the purpose of service delivery. This email and any accompanying attachments is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, distribution, or copying is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this communication or received the email by mistake, please notify the sender and destroy all copies. Integra Software Services Pvt Ltd. reserves the right, subject to applicable local law, to monitor and review the content of any electronic message or information sent to or from its company allotted employee email address/ID without informing the sender or recipient of the message.” -- Professor Amy Adamczyk, Ph.D. Department of Sociology, John Jay College of Criminal Justice Doctoral Faculty in Sociology and Criminal Justice, The Graduate Center City University of New York 524 W. 59th Street Haaren Hall, Room 520.07 New York City  10019 Office phone: (646) 557-4695 University email: AAdamczyk@jjay.cuny.edu Personal website: www.AmyAdamczyk.com Fifty-eight peer-reviewed journal articles Fetal Positions around the Globe: Understanding Cross-national Public Opinion about Abortion (Forthcoming Spring 2025, Oxford University Press) Handing Down the Faith : F inalist for Christianity Today ’s Book of the Year Award, Marriage & Family Category (2022) Cross-National Public Opinion about Homosexuality: Outstanding Book Award, International Section of the Academy of Criminal Justice Sciences (2018)	neutral
Dear Hema	positive
Hi Hema , Please find the Day 2-3 queries and  Day 4-5 Queries is mentioned below. File location: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\1-Files_Received\02_US\Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS\3-APPP	neutral
Hi Hema, Please find the cast off Report for the below title. File path : \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS\1-MS-Prep\Forms and Logs\Cast off\Oct-24\08-Oct Notes: Trim Size: 6 1/8 x 9 1/4 Inc Spec: 7.3 Trade History Royal 370wpp Spec Complexity details : Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS Trim Size 6 1/8 x 9 1/4 Inc (Small \ Medium) Typesetting Complexity Level 1 Colour 1 Colour XML Standard Epub Level 1 Thanks Dharshini Incoming Inspection	positive
Good morning, The design team have updated the front cover with the new cover image – please see attached for reference. We’ll use this now to complete the cover spread as well. Very	positive
Hello, I will be away from my desk 7 October and return to my desk tomorrow. I look forward to responding to your message upon my return. Warmly, Jacqueline	neutral
Dear  Hemalatha  Ravivarman, Response  to  the  OUP  feedback  has  been  sent  for  Contemplative  Democracy  /  Indexing  by  Maria  Hypponen  /  mhypponen@yahoo.ca You  can  view  the  response  through  the  Freelancer  Directory  using  your  log-in  credentials.	neutral
	positive
Hi Hema, I confirm receipt of the manuscripts. Thank you. We shall create 23-chapter abstracts and keywords and submit them to you on October 15.	positive
Hi Hema, As discussed, Please find the updated Contact Sheet in below mentioned path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS\1-MS-Prep\Forms and Logs\Art log and content sheet\Oct_2024\08_Oct_24\ Arulpandian S Cell Lead | OUP BOOKS Integra Software Services Private Limited P : +91-413 4213 124 | M: 8754982055 A : 100 Feet Road (ECR) | Pakkamudianpet | Pondicherry | 605 008 | India E: arulpandian.subramanian@integra-india.com Powering Content Transformation India | USA | UK | Japan | Canada | Germany	positive
Lovely, thank you Hema!	positive
Sounds great, thank you! Get Outlook for iOS	positive
Hi Hema, I am trying to pull the pdf into adobe indesign to assist me with the index.  It says the pdf is pw protected.  Could you tell me the password so I can get into the program to make the index? Thank you, Amy On Tue, Oct 8, 2024 at 5:26 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Adamczyk, Thank you for confirming that you can access the link. I will look forward to receiving your comments on the proofs and the index file.	positive
Dear Hema, Here's my invoice, showing only the original agreed-upon fee. I'll send the original PO back to you in a minute, in case you don't have it handy. I hope we can work together again soon.	neutral
Hema, Here's the PO you sent me a couple of weeks ago. Mark On Sat, Sep 21, 2024 at 10:27 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Mark, The PO number for this project is 4500045387. Please be sure to include this number on your invoice to ensure efficient processing of your payment. Note that this PO number is specific to the final budget for this project, which is included in your project brief . It’s important to include the budget listed in your project brief on your invoice, to ensure timely payment. Thank you again for agreeing to work on this title. Please do contact me with any queries that arise.	positive
Oops--I didn't mean to resend that invoice. The PO is attached to your own message. On Tue, Oct 8, 2024 at 11:11 AM Mark Stevens < autolykos1@gmail.com > wrote: Hema, Here's the PO you sent me a couple of weeks ago. Mark On Sat, Sep 21, 2024 at 10:27 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Mark, The PO number for this project is 4500045387. Please be sure to include this number on your invoice to ensure efficient processing of your payment. Note that this PO number is specific to the final budget for this project, which is included in your project brief . It’s important to include the budget listed in your project brief on your invoice, to ensure timely payment. Thank you again for agreeing to work on this title. Please do contact me with any queries that arise.	positive
Thanks, Hema!	positive
Hi Hema, I came across another confusing comment from the pre-edit team about a change to an in-text citation. On p. 22 of Chapter 7, there is a note that says " CE: The spelling of “Levin et al., 2011a” has been changed to match the entry in the references list. Please provide revisions if this is incorrect." Whatever change was made was not tracked, so I can't see what it was originally and don't know how to reword this query for the author. Can you please tell me what change was made? Thank you, Susan On Mon, Oct 7, 2024 at 10:08 AM Susan Brown < susanbrown0214@gmail.com > wrote: That is fine with me, Hema.  :) Thank you! Susan On Sun, Oct 6, 2024 at 2:09 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Susan, Thank you for your patience. I kindly request you ignore the part label query added in the MS. Please can we follow the unnumbered style for parts as in the MS. I hope it will be fine with you. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Confirmed! Chaya Crowder, PhD She/Her/Hers Assistant Professor Political Science and International Relations https://www.chayacrowderphd.com/	positive
Thank you for your message. I am away from emails today and will respond as soon as possible on my return.	positive
Hi Hema, Please find the Day 2-3 queries and  Day 4-5 Queries is mentioned below. File location: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\1-Files_Received\02_US\McIntosh_9780197808023_US_BITS\3-APPP	neutral
Hi Hema, Please find the Daddis_9780197804223_US Pre-edited Chapters Completed  in below path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Daddis_9780197804223_US\3-Pre-Editing\Oct 24\8 Oct\Daddis_9780197804223\ Chapter Prelims Intro Chap 1 to 23 Endnotes Conclusion Report Brief Checklist Status Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed Please find the completed Daddis_9780197804223_US Pre-editing word count in below path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Daddis_9780197804223_US\16-Pre-Editing word count\Oct 24\8 Oct\Daddis_9780197804223\ TE: Preetha QA: Pavi Pdf QC: Jaya	positive
Hi Hema, Combined PDF are placed below, File path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\1-Files_Received\02_US\Hasday_9780197800805_US_BITS\4-Data\CIP data only	positive
Hi Hema, Please find the completed Art Assessment, Estimate and Contact Sheet in below mentioned path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Kampourakis_9780197787106_US\1-MS-Prep\Forms and Logs\Art log and content sheet\Oct_24\09_Oct_24\ Please create a lot for itrack dispatch; Arulpandian S Cell Lead | OUP BOOKS Integra Software Services Private Limited P : +91-413 4213 124 | M: 8754982055 A : 100 Feet Road (ECR) | Pakkamudianpet | Pondicherry | 605 008 | India E: arulpandian.subramanian@integra-india.com Powering Content Transformation India | USA | UK | Japan | Canada | Germany	positive
	positive
Hi Hema, Updated castoff in below path File path : \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS\1-MS-Prep\Forms and Logs\Cast off\Oct-24\08-Oct	positive
Thanks Hema, This should work. Cheers, Amy On Wed, Oct 9, 2024 at 4:08 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Adamczyk, Thank you for the email. I have attached the unlocked version of the proof PDF for preparing the index. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, Yes, thank you for clarifying. Susan On Tue, Oct 8, 2024 at 10:34 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Susan, Thank you for bringing this to my attention. I confirm that no revisions have been made to the text. The formation of the query is incorrect. The query should read as follows CE Query: Please check and confirm if Levin et al., 2011 can be changed to Levin et al., 2011a to match the entry in the reference list. Please let me know if the above query is clear now. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	neutral
Dear Hema, Thank you very much for this.  I have had a preliminary review and note a few system problems.  I will list them here and pause the review for the moment as you instructed. 1) In the interview chapters the questions should be aligned left like the rest of the text, as they are not chapter subsections but interview questions.  It looks quite odd when the questions are longer if it is centered. 2) The spacing between the interview question and the end of the preceding paragraph should be consistent throughout all the interview chapters.  As it stands, some have more space than others (see for example pages 153 and 192, but there are many other places where we have this issue). 3) The images have not been set correctly in the page.  As it stands, all images are not centered but slightly more to the right of the page.  When people look at two photos together on two different pages this will look awkward.  They should either all be centered, or, they should alternate with photos on left pages being slightly to the left, and those on right pages being slightly on the right (this is how they were in the proofs). 4) The abstracts are all fine, except for the first one, which should be updated to match the change we recently made to the back cover and the online page.  Please change to: "...the idea of a Third House, a virtual chamber that legislates exclusively on AI in government decision-making and is based on principles of direct democracy. Digital citizens, AI powered replicas of ourselves, would act as our personal representatives to this Third House."  All else can stay the same in this abstract.  But I do have a question: Where does this version of the abstract appear?	positive
Yes, that's right. The extra work I did on the MS was mostly removing my initial markup (when I realized the author would have removed it anyway), and that didn't take much time. Mark On Wed, Oct 9, 2024 at 11:32 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Mark, Thank you. I understand from your email that an additional budget is not needed for this project and you will be invoicing for the PO amount ( USD 1,376.58) . Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Thanks, Hema.  The castoff is approved and the queries are attached.	positive
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  job  has  been  closed  by  the  Freelancer. Author  name:  Jill  Hasday Book  title  :  We  the  Men ISBN  :  9780197800805 Process  :  Copyediting Closed  by  :  Mark  Stevens Please  send  an  e-mail  to  copyeditingoffice@oup.com  if  you  have  any  issues.	neutral
Thanks, Hema. I've just closed the "We the Men" file. And yes, I'd be glad to take on the Daddis job. All the best, Mark On Wed, Oct 9, 2024 at 2:38 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Mark, Thank you for confirming. Could you please close this job in FD? Also, I would like to check if you are available to copyedit the following title. Title : Faith and Fear Subtitle: America's Relationship with War since 1945 Author: Gregory A. Daddis ISBN: 9780197804223 Estimated Extent: 160021 words Job description: Standard level of copyediting required Schedule Date manuscript to you: 21 October 2024 Sample required by: 28 October 2024 Date completed job due: 11 November 2024 Budget Estimated budget: $2072.03 Please be aware that the budget may change slightly after a full assessment of the manuscript has been completed, and the final budget will be included in the brief. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, Itrack dispatch done – Acknowledge it. Arulpandian S Cell Lead | OUP BOOKS Integra Software Services Private Limited P : +91-413 4213 124 | M: 8754982055 A : 100 Feet Road (ECR) | Pakkamudianpet | Pondicherry | 605 008 | India E: arulpandian.subramanian@integra-india.com Powering Content Transformation India | USA | UK | Japan | Canada | Germany	positive
Hi Hema, Thank you for the email. This cost group is still “Unconfirmed” and haven’t been progressed to “Signed off”, so I can’t complete costing confirmation until editorial promotes to “Signed off”. I’ve fixed the specifications and cleared the errors, but there’s also no cost template applied, which usually indicates whether they want cream or white paper. Can you please confirm the paper colour? Right now I have it pulling a default but I can confirm the costs correctly once I know what interior paper they would prefer. Thank you, Alyssa Alyssa Tompkins Manufacturing Controller Oxford University Press Canada 8 Sampson Mews, Suite 204 Don Mills, ON M3C 0H5 My working hours are 8:30 am to 4:15 pm EDT Mon-Fri. Please include author, title and ISBN in your queries. We are modernizing and streamlining our back-office systems and processes. You may experience some disruption to service during the month of June. For more detailed information please visit ERP - Oxford University Press (oup.com)	positive
Hi Hema, Please check with the manufacturing controller. They’ll be able to update this field. Thanks! Alexcee	positive
Hi Hema, We are looking through the sample copyedited chapter. I noticed that there are several queries about references that, if we need to address now, would likely require more than an 48-hour turnaround as we will need to work with the chapter author. I believe I read that we should address questions from the copyeditor in our reply to you via email, but can these types of queries be addressed in the next stage in which we do the full copyedit review? Thank you, Kristin Kristin Cullen-Lester, Ph.D. School of Business Fellow and Associate Professor of Management The University of Mississippi | School of Business Administration kclester@bus.olemiss.edu website On Wed, Oct 9, 2024 at 4:22 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Cullen-Lester and Professor Pryor, Please find attached the copy-edited sample chapter and stylesheet for your review. I am also re-sending the Author Guide document for this production stage. This is a key stage at which you can review the copyeditor’s changes and ensure that you are comfortable with the direction of the work before it is complete. Please note that the role of the copyeditor is to apply a consistent style; correct errors regarding spelling, punctuation, and grammar; and check for incomplete materials. All of the copyeditor’s changes are marked using the ‘track changes’ function in Microsoft Word. Please return your feedback by the end of the day on 11 October 2024 . If I do not hear from you by the deadline, I will assume you are happy with this sample and continue with the production process. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, Thanks for your patience! The scout record has now been published. Additionally, the second author is now including his middle initial so the author names are as follows: Matthew Moran, Wyn Q. Bowen, and Jeffrey W. Knopf Updated BCC is attached. All best, Alexcee	positive
Hema, Yes, Figure 1 looks good on our end.  Thanks for checking with us.  The one thing I can’t of course tell at this point is whether the Figure 1a will be on the back side of one page in the book and Figure 2a will be on the front side of the next page in the book, such that both sides of the figure can be seen by the reader at the same time when then book is open. Thanks, Steve __________________________________________________________ Stephen G. Brooks Professor Department of Government Dartmouth College	positive
Hi Hemalatha, Date PME Book Code Template Contributor Workflow Remarks Word/TeX iAuthor Combined entity Confirmed by Index Remarks Checked By Sample Entity Checked 10-Oct Hemalatha Kampourakis_9780197787106_US Contemporary 3 Mono Legacy 23 Figures,5 table and 6 boxes Word NO YTC Ezhumalai ParaID Deebak	positive
Dear Hema, My apologies for this later response, this week has been exceptionally busy for us at the university. Be assured that I have noted your reminder. The proofs have been sent to all the authors and we have received all their comments and feedback. I would just need a bit more time to comb through it. I can probably get to swing to it only by the weekend. I hope this is okay for you. My apologies for it, Kevin Sent from my iPhone On Oct 10, 2024, at 4:05 AM, Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) <hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in> wrote: ﻿ Dear Dr. Kevin Tan, This is a gentle reminder regarding the proof corrections and index. It would be helpful if you could let me know when will I receive your comments on the proofs. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	neutral
Hi Hema, Thanks for this! Cast off is fine. I’ve attached HO form with my responses. Also, a copy of a previous title in the series is linked here for ref- For Hema Best, Jade Jade Dixon (she/her) Senior Project Editor | Academic Editorial Oxford University Press	positive
Microsoft Teams Swetha Kodimari (Integra) is trying to reach you in Microsoft Teams Click the button to open Teams, see your activity, and explore the app. Open Microsoft Teams Bring your team together Create an open, collaborative workspace for your team. Use channels to organize conversations by topic, area, or anything else. Chat 1:1 and with groups Outside of open team conversations, chat privately and share files and notes with anyone in your organization. Make video calls and schedule online meetings Have impromptu or scheduled meetings in any channel. Or just call someone… Team files, notes, and apps in one place Your team's tools are organized and integrated in Microsoft Teams with the power of Office 365. Open Microsoft Teams Get it now! Take it with you wherever you go. Windows iOS Mac Android Go to downloads page © 2023 Microsoft Corporation One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-7329 Privacy policy	neutral
Action Required: One-time verification code Hi Hemalatha , You are receiving this email because a request was made for a one-time code that can be used for authentication. Please enter the following code for verification: 877785 If you believe you have received this email in error, please reach out to your system administrator. This is an automatically generated message from Okta . Replies are not monitored or answered.	neutral
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  title  has  been  accepted  by  the  Freelancer  and  is  now  WIP. Author  name:  Giovanni  Rossi Book  title  :  Systems  of  Social  Action ISBN  :  9780190690731 Process  :  Copyediting Accepted  by  :  Erin  Meyer  /  erin@laughingsainteditorial.com	positive
Ah, my apologies! I forgot this step but the API pull has now been completed. Thanks, Hema.	neutral
Hi Hema, Besides the 4 points below, I do not have any additional corrections.  All looks good to me and we can proceed. Let's please make sure that we make the change to the abstract (see point 4). Where does this version of the abstract appear?  I understand the abstracts do not appear in the book, but only online? Is that correct. I will be working on the index and get that to you by Oct 28 as instructed. All best, Eduardo	positive
Hema- I've received the files and begun editing.  I have some initial queries for the editorial team in an attached document.  I realize that this is a linguistics book and that copyediting should be as unobtrusive as possible, so I want to make sure that I'm doing only what's necessary.  I know that it will take some time for the editorial team to reply to my queries, so I will await responses patiently while working on the sample chapter.  Let me know if any of the queries require further clarification. All best, EW __________________________ Erin Williams-Maxwell Meyer, PhD Owner and Copyeditor 816.434.0554 erin@laughingsainteditorial.com fem., masc., or neutral singular pronouns On Thu, Oct 10, 2024 at 10:38 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Erin, I have uploaded the materials required for copyediting the book Systems of Social Action to the Freelancer Directory. The package contains the following materials: Manuscript Word files Pre-edit report and pre-edit brief Text design specification Abstracts and Keywords Back cover copy Art Contact sheet Please refer to the attached copyediting brief for details about the materials uploaded, specific instructions, budget, and schedule. Do let me know in case you require any clarification. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	neutral
Hema, Unfortunately I can’t take a project at this time. But in a few weeks I will be available for work! Rick Get Outlook for iOS	positive
Dear Hema, Plz find the Mariotti_9780197795583_US_BITS Index file in below path: http://\\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Mariotti_9780197795583_US_BITS\7-Revises-1\Oct-24\11-Oct\Locked PDF Signature count: FM (56) + Main text (244) + Index (12) = 312 pages.	positive
Hi Hema, Please find the Day 2-3 queries and  Day 4-5 Queries is mentioned below. File location: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\1-Files_Received\Jurkevics_9780198922926_BITS\3-APPP	neutral
Thank you, Hema. That all makes sense. We are happy with the sample copy edits. All the best, Kristin Kristin Cullen-Lester, Ph.D. School of Business Fellow and Associate Professor of Management The University of Mississippi | School of Business Administration kclester@bus.olemiss.edu website On Thu, Oct 10, 2024 at 5:02 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Cullen-Lester, Thank you for the email. Yes, the response to the CE queries can be provided during the full review stage. However, could you please confirm if you are happy with the rest of the edits so that I will inform the copyeditor to proceed with the remaining chapters. Also, you can respond to the CE queries in the Word document itself else it is fine if you wish to provide your comments in the email. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, Yes, we’ve discussed it with them.  That’s fine. Thanks, Sarah	positive
Hi Hema, The MC and IC roles have now been added to Biblio. Best, Shandra	positive
Hi Hema, The MC and IC roles are now in Biblio. Thanks, Shandra	positive
Hi Hema, I wish I could -- this sounds like a fascinating title -- but I'm afraid my November just filled up. Thanks for reaching out! Carrie On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 3:24 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Carrie, Please allow me to introduce myself as the Project Manager from Integra Software Services, responsible for managing the production process for Kill Talk, on behalf of Oxford University Press. to ask whether you are available to copyedit the following title: Title : Kill Talk Subtitle: Language and Military Necropolitics Authors: Janet McIntosh ISBN: 9780197808023 Estimated Extent: 135451 words Job description: Standard level of copyediting required Schedule Date manuscript to you: 25 October 2024 Sample required by: 01 November 2024 Date completed job due: 15 November 2024 Budget Estimated budget: $1753.8 Please be aware that the budget may change slightly after a full assessment of the manuscript has been completed, and the final budget will be included in the brief. Please advise within 24 hours whether you are able to take this project on.  In addition, it is vital to the overall schedule that you are able to adhere to the deadlines above. Any slippage will result in having to make adjustments to the publishing schedule.	neutral
Dear Hema – This should be fine. The only possible issue will be time to complete the index. Wyn is planning to hire someone to help us with that, so he will need to let you know if there is enough time in the schedule for that task. Wyn – Will this schedule work for getting the index done? __________________________________________________________ Jeffrey W. Knopf Professor and Program Chair, Nonproliferation and Terrorism Studies Middlebury Institute of International Studies Email: jknopf@middlebury edu; Tel. +1.831.647.7174	positive
Thank you, Hema. (And, please, call me Greg.) This schedule looks fine. Thank you. I did not see an attached guide, so if you could resend, I would appreciate it. I am cc'ing the team at Arc Indexing who will be completing the book's index. If you need anything else, please let me know. Thank you! Greg On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 8:12 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Professor Daddis, The files you have submitted are now considered to be final and are currently at pre-edit Stage. I would now like to outline the tentative schedule and next steps, as follows: Process Scheduled dates Digital review and approval of copy-editing sample 31 October – 04 November  2024 Digital review copy-editing 20 November – 04 December 2024 Digital review of proofs 13 January – 03 February 2025 Complete index 13 January – 03 February 2025 Digital review of index 17 February – 19 February 2025 Digital review of jacket/cover 03 March – 10 March 2025 Print release date August 2025 Please let me know as soon as possible if you have queries about the dates outlined above . It will be important for us to maintain these dates in order to publish your book according to plan. I would appreciate your acknowledgment of this email by 15 October 2024. Along with this email, you will find a guide to the next production step: the copy-edit sample review. Please contact me at any point if you have any queries about the process. Yours sincerely, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com “In accordance with the requirement of any applicable Data Protection Laws, “By including any personal data in your response to this email, you are freely consenting to this being used and stored by the company for the purpose of service delivery. This email and any accompanying attachments is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, distribution, or copying is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this communication or received the email by mistake, please notify the sender and destroy all copies. Integra Software Services Pvt Ltd. reserves the right, subject to applicable local law, to monitor and review the content of any electronic message or information sent to or from its company allotted employee email address/ID without informing the sender or recipient of the message.”	positive
Hi Hema and Greg. Thank you for sharing the production schedule. This is confirmed. We look forward to receiving the proof and creating the index for Faith and Fear . If there are any schedule updates, do keep us informed. Cheers, Doreen Arc Indexing, Inc. Eric and Doreen Anderson Robert and Cynthia Swanson On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 2:36 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Greg, I am sorry. Please find the attachment I missed to include in my previous email. Thank you for confirming the schedule and for letting me know about the team that will handle the index for this book. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Got it. Thanks! Cheers, Greg On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 11:36 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Greg, I am sorry. Please find the attachment I missed to include in my previous email. Thank you for confirming the schedule and for letting me know about the team that will handle the index for this book. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema Is that 3 weeks from receipt of the final paginated copy? Best Wyn Sent from my phone. Apologies for any typos Professor Wyn Bowen Head, School of Security Studies (Interim), Faculty of Social Sciences and Public Policy, King's College London Co-Director, Freeman Air and Space Institute, https://www.kcl.ac.uk/research/freeman-air-and-space-institute King's Lead for Security & Defence PLuS, https://securityanddefenceplus.plusalliance.org William Penney Fellow, AWE, https://www.awe.co.uk/about-us/our-partners/ Email: wyn.bowen@kcl.ac.uk @WQBowen	neutral
Dear Hema, Thanks so much for offering me this mansucript to copyedit. Currently I'm engaged to do another book in your book's approximate time frame for copyediting. But if that changes and the copyediting can be begun at a later date, please let me know, and please keep me in mind for any future projects. Best, Michael Stein -----Original Message-----	positive
Hello, I am away on holiday from Friday 11 October to Tuesday 15 October (inclusive). I look forward to reviewing your email upon my return. Please note that Monday 14 October is Indigenous People's Day in the United States, a time to honor and recognize the contributions and cultures of Indigenous peoples. The OUP USA office will be closed in observance of this holiday. Warmly, Jacqueline	neutral
Looks great! Thank you. Get Outlook for iOS	positive
Hi Hema, Doing well, thanks, hope you are too. Dates can be updated as follows: Files to CS date: March 24, 2025 Files to printer date: March 26, 2025 Printer ship date: April 29, 2025 Advanced copies received: May 2, 2025 Stock delivered: May 6, 2025 Stock release: May 13, 2025 Pub date: May 27, 2025 Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you, Alyssa	positive
Thank you Hema…I will take note.	positive
Dear Hema, Thank you for sending this along, I received it successfully. I hope you have a pleasant weekend ahead. Sincerely, Tom Thomas Kiefer, PhD. Logos Indexing Kiefer Editorial Services 8676 Sugar Tree Drive Novelty, OH 44072 www.logosindexing.com On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 4:16 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Thomas, The PO number for this project is 4500053345 . Please be sure to include this number on your invoice to ensure efficient processing of your payment. Note that this PO number is specific to the final budget for this project, which is included in your project brief . Thank you again for agreeing to work on this title. Please do contact me with any queries that arise.	positive
Quarantine Notification for hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in There are 5 messages in your Quarantine at the moment, that have been marked as potential spam or malicious by Email Security. If these messages have been misclassified and your email administrator allows it, you may release these messages by clicking the "Release" link within the "Action" column below, or by accessing your full Quarantine view. When releasing, you may mark messages to be considered as "Not Spam" in future (if they were marked as spam). Alternatively, you can report messages to ' notspam@mx.ap.email.fireeyecloud.com ' (by using "Forward as Attachment" option from your email client, or by attaching messages in RFC822 format and sending). If these messages have been marked correctly, then no action is needed and they will be automatically removed after 30 days. If any of the messages below are not a threat, click the Release link to have them sent to your Inbox. To report False Negative , forward the message as a MIME attachment to: ' spam@mx.ap.email.fireeyecloud.com ' Quarantined Messages From Subject Reason Date Action susanbindernagel@gmail.com away Re: Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_Command of Commerce -... Spam Oct 11, 2024 20:43 UTC Release bounce-k4y256hm3kpermhxwvu4sgk6n4.40145@bounce.info.ingramcontent.com CoreSource Release Notes | September 2024 Spam Sep 26, 2024 14:02 UTC Release oup@service-now.com GTSD Request Fulfilled: REQ0466291: Production Supplier ... Spam Sep 13, 2024 06:58 UTC Release oup@service-now.com GTSD Request Updated: REQ0466291 : Production Supplier Pa... Spam Sep 12, 2024 08:44 UTC Release oup@service-now.com GTSD Request Updated: REQ0466291 : Production Supplier Pa... Spam Sep 11, 2024 12:41 UTC Release You can access your complete message Quarantine at: https://etp.ap.fireeye.com/public/quarantine/c9d040faecaf49e2b8142cc05dcf777da1cc32873b0044d1476fb5bd234ca0b1 If you have received any other messages from Email Security, that you consider are spam, you can report messages to ' spam@mx.ap.email.fireeyecloud.com ' (by using "Forward as Attachment" option from your email client, or by attaching messages in RFC822 format and sending). Note: This message has been sent by a notification only system. Please do not reply. Copyright © 2022 FireEye Security Holdings US LLC. All rights reserved.	critical
Thank you, Hema, and thank you also for the PO. Have a nice weekend! Susan On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 10:28 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Susan, I am writing to let you know that the authors are happy with the sample chapter and informed me that they will respond to all the queries during the full copyedit review stage. Hence, Please continue editing the remaining chapters, and let you know if you have any queries. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Thank you for your email. I am away for Thanksgiving weekend and will reconnect on October 15. Susan	positive
Hi Hema, Please find the Moran et al_9780197770382_US_BITS Pre-edited Chapters Completed  in below path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Moran et al_9780197770382_US_BITS\3-Pre-Editing\Oct 24\11 Oct\Moran et al_9780197770382\ Chapter Prelims Chap 1 to 7 Report Brief Checklist Status Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed Please find the completed Moran et al_9780197770382_US_BITS Pre-editing word count in below path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Moran et al_9780197770382_US_BITS\16-Pre-Editing word count\Oct 24\11 Oct\Moran et al_9780197770382\ TE: Vendor QA: Pavi Pdf QC: Jaya	positive
﻿ Hello, I will be out of office on October 11th and October 14th is a US Holiday. For any immediate needs, please reach out to Claudia Dukeshire at Claudia.Dukeshire@oup.com. Thank you, Frankie Marie Pucci	neutral
Hi, OUP Canada is closed Monday, October 14 for Thanksgiving Day and I'm now out of the office and on vacation Oct 14-18 inclusive. For urgent US title queries please contact Micheline Frederick micheline.frederick@oup.com or Shandra Holman shandra.holman@oup.com. For all other matters, including Canadian title queries, I will respond when I return on October 21. Thanks, Alyssa Tompkins Manufacturing Controller OUP Canada	neutral
Hema- Sure, I can take this project on. Let me know what the format and citation style it will be in so that I'll have my guides and checklists ready to go. Thanks, Erin Williams-Maxwell Meyer, PhD sent from my phone On Sat, Oct 12, 2024, 01:41 Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Erin, I am writing to check if you are able to take another linguistics book for copyediting which is scheduled to begin on 25 th October. Please check the below details and confirm. Title : Kill Talk Subtitle: Language and Military Necropolitics Authors: Janet McIntosh ISBN: 9780197808023 Estimated Extent: 135451 words Job description: Standard level of copyediting required Schedule Date manuscript to you: 25 October 2024 Sample required by: 01 November 2024 Date completed job due: 15 November 2024 Budget Estimated budget: $1753.8 Please be aware that the budget may change slightly after a full assessment of the manuscript has been completed, and the final budget will be included in the brief. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com “In accordance with the requirement of any applicable Data Protection Laws, “By including any personal data in your response to this email, you are freely consenting to this being used and stored by the company for the purpose of service delivery. This email and any accompanying attachments is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, distribution, or copying is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this communication or received the email by mistake, please notify the sender and destroy all copies. Integra Software Services Pvt Ltd. reserves the right, subject to applicable local law, to monitor and review the content of any electronic message or information sent to or from its company allotted employee email address/ID without informing the sender or recipient of the message.”	neutral
Hi Hema, Thanks for your e-mail. It should be fine for us to add these links during the copyediting full review stage. I am attaching the online appendix (in both .pdf and .docx versions, I'm not sure what the copyeditor will prefer) with this e-mail. Let me know if you need anything else. Best, Ben On Sat, Oct 12, 2024 at 3:03 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Steve, I am writing to let you know that the editorial has confirmed to proceed with your request. Hence, could you please include the link and make the necessary modifications in the text during the copyediting full review stage. Also, please be informed that I am currently sourcing the copyeditor of your book. If you could send me the online appendix now. I will pass it to the copyeditor along with the files and will send the edited version. Please let me know if it is fine with you. I am looking forward to hearing from you. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Dear Hema, Please find updated PDF placed in below mentioned path. Z:\5-FilesSent\02_US\Boyd_9780197635933_US_BITS\6-Firstproof\Oct-24\14-Oct Cast off pages: 160 Proof pages: 144	positive
Dear Hema & Nirmala, Please confirm placement of below mentioned chapters (We can take this Back matters or Front matter). Untill we can't process sliptted chapter, word count, cast-off and itrack. This title has been hold.	neutral
Hello, I am currently out of the office and have no accress to email.  I will reply to your message when I return on Wednesday, 10/16. For urgent matters, please contact my manager Mhairi Bennet mhairi.bennet@oup.com. All the best, Sarah	neutral
Hi Hema, Please hold this title, Once QA Review completed, updated file Team will be Re-post.	positive
I’m sorry I don’t think I’ve responded to this email and confirm the corrections to the book cover. Thank you for checking in again. Kevin KEVIN TAN, PhD, MSW Associate Dean for Engagement, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Associate Professor, School of Social Work Associate Professor, College of Education Faculty Affilitate, Interdisciplinary Health Sciences Institute Editor-in-Chief, Children & Schools University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign School of Social Work 1010 W Nevada St | M/C 082 Urbana, IL 61801 (217) 300-4432 | kevintan@illinois.edu socialwork.illinois.edu/directory/kevin-tan/ Under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act any written communication to or from university employees regarding university business is a public record and may be subject to public disclosure.	neutral
Thank you, Hema. Just so you know, I’m still working on those proof edits. There are certain things that I need to liaise with the chapter authors. I’ve not forgotten about it and am trying to get it to you as soon as I can. Kevin KEVIN TAN, PhD, MSW Associate Dean for Engagement, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Associate Professor, School of Social Work Associate Professor, College of Education Faculty Affilitate, Interdisciplinary Health Sciences Institute Editor-in-Chief, Children & Schools University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign School of Social Work 1010 W Nevada St | M/C 082 Urbana, IL 61801 (217) 300-4432 | kevintan@illinois.edu socialwork.illinois.edu/directory/kevin-tan/ Under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act any written communication to or from university employees regarding university business is a public record and may be subject to public disclosure.	neutral
Hello, Thank you. The dates seem to have a lot of errors so I am not too sure what is the correct order. Here is what I tried to figure out. Files to the Printer : March 18th Printer Ship: April 1st Advance: April 4th Delivered: April 8 th Release: April 11th Pub: April 25 th I am not the person who updates the binding. However, it is a paperback there should be no cased binding options to be checked off.	neutral
Dear Hema, I hope you are well. I have attached here the marked up proofs for Euskadi ta Askatasuna. Attached are the main text and the prelims. I picked up an additional correction on page 4 of the prelims, the word ‘político’. You will see that there are a lot of typos. Given this, would you mind if I make a final check of the corrected version?	positive
Hi Hema, That sounds good. Thank you! Ben On Oct 14, 2024, at 1:28 PM, Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Dr. Vagle, Thank you for the online appendix and for confirming that the link can be taken care of at the copyediting full review stage. I will send the document version to the copyeditor so that you will be able to track the changes made by the copyeditor. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Dear Hema, no worries—the tentative schedule looks good and works well with my availability over the next few weeks and months. Thanks also for sharing the copy-edit sample review. I’m looking forward to starting phase one of the process next week!	positive
Hi Hema, Please find the completed Art proof in below mentioned path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Hasday_9780197800805_US_BITS\4-Artproof\Oct_2024\15_Oct_24\ Itrack dispatch done – Acknowledge it. Arulpandian S Cell Lead | OUP BOOKS Integra Software Services Private Limited P : +91-413 4213 124 | M: 8754982055 A : 100 Feet Road (ECR) | Pakkamudianpet | Pondicherry | 605 008 | India E: arulpandian.subramanian@integra-india.com Powering Content Transformation India | USA | UK | Japan | Canada | Germany	positive
Hi Hema As far as I can see the first 2: McIntosh and Engerman haven’t been briefed to the UK mailbox, so I’d check with the PJE and ask that they do so if they are ready to brief. The other 3 please can you liaise with Brady McNamara. Thanks Clare Clare Hofmann Design Manager | Academic Design Oxford University Press | Great Clarendon Street | Oxford | OX2 6DP Working hours: Monday-Friday, 8am-4pm GMT	positive
Hello, Hemalatha. Thanks for this offer. I am fully booked until the end of November, so I must decline. Susan On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 4:43 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Susan, Please allow me to introduce myself as the Project Manager from Integra Software Services, responsible for managing the production process for Command of Commerce, on behalf of Oxford University Press. I am writing to ask whether you are available to copyedit the following title: Title : Command of Commerce Subtitle: America’s Enduring Economic Power Advantage over China Authors: Ben A. Vagle and Stephen G. Brooks ISBN: 9780197802304 Estimated Extent: 84191 words Job description: Standard level of copyediting required Schedule Date manuscript to you: 21 October 2024 Sample required by: 28 October 2024 Date completed job due: 11 November 2024 Budget Estimated budget: $1090.15 Please be aware that the budget may change slightly after a full assessment of the manuscript has been completed, and the final budget will be included in the brief. Please advise within 24 hours whether you are able to take this project on.  In addition, it is vital to the overall schedule that you are able to adhere to the deadlines above. Any slippage will result in having to make adjustments to the publishing schedule.	neutral
Dear Hema – Please find attached the comments on the proofs. Please let me know if you have any questions or clarifications. Thank you, Kevin KEVIN TAN, PhD, MSW Associate Dean for Engagement, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Associate Professor, School of Social Work Associate Professor, College of Education Faculty Affilitate, Interdisciplinary Health Sciences Institute Editor-in-Chief, Children & Schools University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign School of Social Work 1010 W Nevada St | M/C 082 Urbana, IL 61801 (217) 300-4432 | kevintan@illinois.edu socialwork.illinois.edu/directory/kevin-tan/ Under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act any written communication to or from university employees regarding university business is a public record and may be subject to public disclosure.	neutral
Hi Hema We have used this line only paraid index not in page number.	positive
Hello! Thank you for your email. I have limited access to email Friday 10/11, and I will be out of the office Monday 10/14 for the holiday in the US. I look forward to responding to your query upon my return! Any urgent queries can be routed to my manager mhairi.bennett@oup.com. Lacey	positive
Hi Hema, This book is in a series and has been briefed with Integra. Amit Verma has provided visuals. Best, Jade Jade Dixon (she/her) Senior Project Editor | Academic Editorial Oxford University Press	positive
Hi Hema: I am traveling until October 31. If you can adjust the schedule with that as the start date, and the book follows CMS or APA and US spelling and punctuation, then, yes, I would very much like to accept. Thanks in any case for the offer! Judith Hoover On Tuesday, October 15, 2024 at 08:46:46 AM EDT, Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) <hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in> wrote: Dear Judith, I am writing to check whether you are available to copyedit the following title: Title : Command of Commerce Subtitle: America’s Enduring Economic Power Advantage over China Authors: Ben A. Vagle and Stephen G. Brooks ISBN: 9780197802304 Estimated Extent: 84191 words Job description: Standard level of copyediting required Schedule Date manuscript to you: 21 October 2024 Sample required by: 28 October 2024 Date completed job due: 11 November 2024 Budget Estimated budget: $1090.15 Please be aware that the budget may change slightly after a full assessment of the manuscript has been completed, and the final budget will be included in the brief. Please advise within 24 hours whether you are able to take this project on.  In addition, it is vital to the overall schedule that you are able to adhere to the deadlines above. Any slippage will result in having to make adjustments to the publishing schedule.	neutral
Please send the schedule to me if my name appears as front cover designer. I do not yet know if these will follow proof correction workflow. Thanks Clare Clare Hofmann Design Manager | Academic Design Oxford University Press | Great Clarendon Street | Oxford | OX2 6DP Working hours: Monday-Friday, 8am-4pm GMT	neutral
Hi Hema, Please find attached OUP101524A.zip containing 1 title (9780197804223 Daddis Faith and Fear) with 23-chapter abstracts and keywords. I hope you find everything in order.	neutral
That would be perfect. Thanks! Sent from AOL on Android On Tue, Oct 15, 2024 at 9:52 AM, Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) <hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in> wrote: Dear Judith, Thank you for letting me know about your traveling plan. I am afraid that this job schedule cannot be adjusted as it is a trade title but I do have a book with the subject History which is in the initial stage right now and can be started in November. Please confirm if it will be fine with you so that I can share the job details and the budget by the end of this week. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, I will check on these queries and get back to you soon, thanks! Best, Bailey Vehslage (He/Him) Project Editor, Social and Behavioral Sciences Oxford University Press	positive
Good morning, Hema/ Thank you for the offer of work, but I am completely booked until early December, so unable to fit this in. Try me again at that point or beyond. Thanks! On Tuesday, October 15, 2024, Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Patti, Please allow me to introduce myself as the Project Manager from Integra Software Services, responsible for managing the production process for Command of Commerce, on behalf of Oxford University Press. I am writing to ask whether you are available to copyedit the following title: Title : Command of Commerce Subtitle: America’s Enduring Economic Power Advantage over China Authors: Ben A. Vagle and Stephen G. Brooks ISBN: 9780197802304 Estimated Extent: 84191 words Job description: Standard level of copyediting required Schedule Date manuscript to you: 21 October 2024 Sample required by: 28 October 2024 Date completed job due: 11 November 2024 Budget Estimated budget: $1090.15 Please be aware that the budget may change slightly after a full assessment of the manuscript has been completed, and the final budget will be included in the brief. Please advise within 24 hours whether you are able to take this project on.  In addition, it is vital to the overall schedule that you are able to adhere to the deadlines above. Any slippage will result in having to make adjustments to the publishing schedule.	neutral
Dear Hema – My apologies for missing out on the Index pages. Please find attached the revised index page. Kevin KEVIN TAN, PhD, MSW Associate Dean for Engagement, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Associate Professor, School of Social Work Associate Professor, College of Education Faculty Affilitate, Interdisciplinary Health Sciences Institute Editor-in-Chief, Children & Schools University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign School of Social Work 1010 W Nevada St | M/C 082 Urbana, IL 61801 (217) 300-4432 | kevintan@illinois.edu socialwork.illinois.edu/directory/kevin-tan/ Under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act any written communication to or from university employees regarding university business is a public record and may be subject to public disclosure.	neutral
Here you go.. Files to the Printer : April 3rd Printer Ship: April 18th Advance: April 21st Delivered: April 25th Release: April 30th Pub: May 14 th	neutral
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  file  has  been  uploaded  to  the  Freelancer  Directory. Author  name:  Chaya  Crowder Book  title:  Intersectional  Solidarity ISBN:  9780197696545 Process:  Indexing Uploaded  by:  Jim  Diggins File  name:  Crowder_Index.zip The  file  can  be  downloaded  from  the  Freelancer  Directory  using  your  log-in  credentials. Please  send  an  e-mail  to  copyeditingoffice@oup.com  if  you  have  any  issues.	neutral
Dear Hema That zip file containing the Crowder index has been uploaded via FD. Invoice will follow shortly in a separate email. Thanks and	positive
Dear Hemalatha, Hello, and thank you for reaching out to me. I will be happy to copyedit this title, and look forward to working on it with you. Please let me know if there are any adjustments to the schedule as we go forward.	neutral
Hello Attached is the invoice for indexing Crowder/Intersectional Solidarity. Please let me know if anything appears to be missing or incorrect. Thanks and	neutral
Hi Hema, I have updated the roles in OxPub. Best, Rashmi C. Sivam Senior Administrative Assistant Academic Manufacturing & Inventory Department | Oxford University Press 545 Fifth Ave. 8 th Floor New York, NY 10017 (240)381-3424 | Rashmi.Sivam@oup.com	positive
Hi Hemalatha, Here are the schedule dates for Daddis, Faith and Fear, 9780197804223 I have confirmed the editions. Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything. Claudia	neutral
Dear  PE/SPM, The  below  file  has  been  uploaded  to  the  Freelancer  Directory. Author  name:  Giovanni  Rossi Book  title:  Systems  of  Social  Action ISBN:  9780190690731 Process:  Copyediting Uploaded  by:  Erin  Meyer File  name:  edited  Rossi  Systems  SAMPLE  CHAPTER.zip The  file  can  be  downloaded  from  the  Freelancer  Directory  using  your  log-in  credentials. Please  send  an  e-mail  to  copyeditingoffice@oup.com  if  you  have  any  issues.	neutral
Hema- The explanations are clear.  Thank you. I've attached a new set of queries.  I'm also about to upload the sample chapter.  I have let the author know in the first comment of the sample chapter that I'm asking him quite a few questions in the comments.  After I see his responses to those queries, I can copyedit accordingly, which will lead to fewer comments in the rest of the chapters. Thank you and the rest of the editorial team for the quick reply to my queries. All best, EW __________________________ Erin Williams-Maxwell Meyer, PhD Owner and Copyeditor 816.434.0554 erin@laughingsainteditorial.com fem., masc., or neutral singular pronouns On Tue, Oct 15, 2024 at 12:23 PM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Erin, Please find the response to your queries attached and let me know if you need any further clarification. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, Collated pdf placed in the following path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\1-Files_Received\02_US\Tan_et_al_9780197770467_US_BITS\2-Source\4-Revises1\Collated Correction type: Simple	positive
Hi Hema, Thank you for the PO.	positive
Hi Hema, I'm attaching a response here to the editorial feedback you sent the other day. To my understanding, according to APA, two of the four items they noted are correct as I've done them (the first and third points), and I have a question about the second point. I've left explanations/questions in the review document. Can you please check with the editorial team and let me know what they say? I also have a question: On page 27 of Chapter 19, there is an acknowledgment note with a query from OUP about placement. Should I make it an unnumbered footnote to the title or place it somewhere else? Thank you! Susan On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 5:16 PM Susan Brown < susanbrown0214@gmail.com > wrote: Thank you, Hema, and thank you also for the PO. Have a nice weekend! Susan On Fri, Oct 11, 2024 at 10:28 AM Hemalatha Ravivarman (Integra) < hemalatha.ravivarman@integra.co.in > wrote: Dear Susan, I am writing to let you know that the authors are happy with the sample chapter and informed me that they will respond to all the queries during the full copyedit review stage. Hence, Please continue editing the remaining chapters, and let you know if you have any queries. Thanks, Hema ---------------------------------- Hemalatha Ravivarman(she/her) Senior Project Manager Integra Software Services A: 100 Feet Road (ECR), Pakkamudiyanpet, Pondicherry 605 008, India. W: www. integranxt.com	positive
Hi Hema, Abstract and keywords is missing , please check and confirm .	positive
	positive
	positive
Hi Hema, Please find the Daddis_9780197804223_US Pre-edited updated A & K completed  and word count in below path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Daddis_9780197804223_US\3-Pre-Editing\Oct 24\8 Oct\Daddis_9780197804223\	positive
Hi Hema, Here they are—my apologies! I can add them to FileZilla if it is easier to have everything there. Thanks! Best, Bailey Vehslage (He/Him) Project Editor, Social and Behavioral Sciences Oxford University Press	neutral
Hi Hema, Totally fine! Lacey	positive
Yes, I accept and look forward to working with you.	positive
Hi Hema, I have updated the specification. Claudia	positive
Hi Hemalatha, After we receive the full copy edit by next Thursday, how long will we have to review? Thank you! Cleary	positive
Thank you!	positive
That’s fine. Thank you. >> Brady McNamara	positive
Hi Hema, We’d like the book to release in mid-April so the pub date is late April. Thanks, Sarah	positive
Hi Hema, The proofs look fine but we need to move the footnotes to book endnotes. Also, can you explain the significance of the slugline in the proofs? Thanks, Sarah	positive
Hi Hema, Here are the schedule dates: I have updated the csed binding specifications. Claudia	positive
Hi Hemalatha, The given index is restricted. Please provide the un-restricted index to proceed.	positive
Hi Hemalatha, Please ask the freelancer to check and update the index based on our QC comments, if needed. Upon receipt of the updated index from the freelancer, please typeset and proceed with the typesetting OUP QC process Notes: 1) We have reviewed the index only based on the random checks. 2) Verify whether the length of the index is acceptable as per OUP index guideline (3–5% of total book page count) after typesetting the index. - Feedback for Freelancer: 1) Please check the sorting. 2) Please check cross-reference style.	neutral
Hema, Thanks for sending the art proof for We the Men .  Just to confirm: I am proceeding on the assumption that you are asking about the images only, not the captions or any text. Figure 1.1 This needs to be cropped on all four sides.  On the left, right, and top sides, the image needs a miniscule crop—just enough to create a smooth line rather than a rough edge.  At the bottom, the image needs to be cropped under the Allender signature to eliminate the “Cover Plate” notation.  In this dropbox folder, I have included a cropped version of the image so you can see what I have in mind. https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/iikr32vytakhmfi1d8nmu/ABMT6jUWnDRPAY1e_BzkOyo?rlkey=ze5hx7c72koz9kkvcs6zx57m4&st=hc47o6n3&dl=0 Once the image is cropped, I would like for the image to be as large as possible on the page. It would also be great if the designers could improve the contrast on the image and make the signs easier to read. Figure 2.1 This needs to be cropped to focus on the actual cartoon with only a tiny border around it.  In the dropbox folder, I have included a cropped version of the image so you can see what I have in mind.  The designers can adjust the precise size of the margin depending on what looks and fits best, but the idea is for the margin to be very small and to eliminate all the distracting smudge marks on the blank part of the page. Once the image is cropped, I would like for the image to be as large as possible on the page. It would also be great if the designers could improve the contrast on the image and make it easier to see. Figure 2.2 I would like this image to be as large as possible on the page. Figure 6.1 This looks fine. Figure 7.1 This image looks darker than the original.  Can the designers brighten the image a bit so it is more eye-catching?  The focal point should be on the woman with the “We Were Never the Land of the Free” sign. I included the original image in the dropbox folder. ___ Can I please see the images again once these changes have been made to confirm that everything looks good? Thanks for your help.  I appreciate it. All the best, Jill Jill Hasday Distinguished McKnight University Professor Centennial Professor of Law Editor-in-Chief, Constitutional Commentary University of Minnesota Law School jhasday@umn.edu |  612.626.6633 Website | Faculty Profile | Twitter Book: Family Law Reimagined (Harvard University Press 2014) Book: Intimate Lies and the Law (Oxford University Press 2019) New Book: We the Men: How Forgetting Women’s Struggles for Equality Perpetuates Inequality (Oxford University Press forthcoming 2025)	positive
Hi Hema, Please find the Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS Pre-edited Chapters Completed  in below path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS\3-Pre-Editing\Oct 24\17 Oct\Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304\ Chapter Prelims Chap 1 to 7 Endnotes Alttext for figures Report Brief Checklist Status Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed Completed Please find the completed Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS Pre-editing word count in below path: \\integrafs2\OUPBooks\5-FilesSent\02_US\Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304_US_BITS\16-Pre-Editing word count\Oct 24\17 Oct\Vagle_Brooks_9780197802304\ TE: Mahesh QA: Pavi Pdf QC: Jaya	positive
